visna vulovic survived a fall from a
record altitude
of 33 000 feet it's higher than everest
in a fall from this height a person can
reach 260 miles per hour
that's about as fast as the best racing
cars in the world
you'd think nobody could still be alive
after that but
vesna vulovich was and here's how it
happened
vesna loved the beatles she was so
inspired by the rock group
that she decided to leave belgrade and
move to the uk
she studied at university there and then
decided to become a flight attendant
so she would have more opportunities to
travel
in 1971 she got a job with a major
airline
she worked successfully at her job for
the next two years
but then disaster struck january 26
1972 yugoslav airlines flight 367
was scheduled to fly from stockholm
sweden to belgrade airport
with stops in copenhagen and zagreb
vesna had recently turned
22. she got on the plane in sweden
another employee was supposed to take
the flight instead of her
but the airline made a mistake because
the two women had the same names
vesna was looking forward to visiting
denmark and the plane made a safe flight
to copenhagen
and then it took off from the airport
there at 3
15 pm at 4 pm
vestent was busy with a food cart near
the back of the plane
one minute later there was an explosion
in the luggage compartment
vestin was thrown to the back of the
plane along with the cart
the cart pinned her against the wall and
saved her life
the plane's tail broke off from the main
body and plunged to the ground
six miles below the accident occurred
near a village in czechoslovakia
the tail containing the flight attendant
fell into a dense forest
covered with snow on the side of a cliff
vesna screamed for help
at that moment one of the villagers was
passing by and they heard her cry
they soon found vesna and gave her first
aid before a rescue team showed up
immediately after her rescue vesna fell
into a coma
she stayed like this for several days
she then spent three months recovering
from her injuries in a prague hospital
even after the crash she wasn't afraid
to fly
and went home to belgrade by plane she
returned to her job with the airline
although now as an office worker instead
of a flight attendant
the story of sailor gutzler who survived
an air crash and sought help all by
herself
seems incredible especially when you
discover that this little girl was only
seven years old when it all happened
it was the end of the goodzler family
was on vacation in key west florida
after a great weekend they boarded a
small plane at tallahassee regional
airport
and headed home to illinois but the
pilot soon reported an
engine malfunction the air traffic
controller redirected the plane to the
nearest airport
which was located at kentucky dam state
park
at this point the plane didn't
communicate anymore
at around 6 pm it crashed 10 miles from
the airport
the plane fell into the densely forested
area of kuduawa
sailor goodzler had been sitting in the
cabin with her family
the plane caught fire and began to
plummet then
the crash the girl later woke up and
crawled out of the wreckage
she immediately went to look for help
after her vacation in florida
she was wearing only t-shirts shorts and
one sock
she didn't even have any shoes it was 38
degrees
in the kentucky woods at first sailor
wanted to light a stick from the flames
of the burning engine
and use it as a torch but she couldn't
find a suitable stick
in light clothes in the cold the little
girl walked through the dark forest
she passed fallen trees streams ditches
and thick brush she crossed the stream
and climbed the hill
then she saw a light shining from a
local house
71 year old larry wilkins was watching
tv at home
when someone knocked on the door larry
opened the door
and saw a scared exhausted little girl
the police and paramedics arrived
taylor was taken to a hospital but was
released the next day
she was more or less healthy sailor
goodzler
became famous throughout the u.s for her
courage
and her incredibly strong desire to live
there was another miraculous rescue in
a 12 year old french girl bahia bakari
and her mother were headed to komaros in
the indian ocean for their summer
vacation
the plane left paris and made a stopover
in marseille
they then traveled to sana yemen where
they boarded their final flight
which was supposed to take the tired
passengers to moroni
the capital of komaros there was only a
few minutes left to go until bahia and
her mother reached their destination
the plane started its landing at 2 am
but at this point the cabin began to
shake
the lights flickered and the oxygen mask
came down
maya was pressed against the window
trying to see the lights of maroney
but all she saw were the dark waters of
the indian ocean
she suddenly felt an electric pulse
throughout her body
there was an unbearable loud noise and
then the crash
the next thing bahia bakari felt was
water all around her
and lots of coughing and choking it was
very dark
the moonlight couldn't shine through the
clouds the young girl found a piece of
wreckage from the plane in the water
next to her
and grabbed a hold of it at that moment
she was sure
she had fallen out of the plane alone
because she had been pressed hard
against the window
in the distance she saw city lines the
nearest dry land was nine miles away
but the sea's waves began to carry the
girl away from the shore
bahia drifted in the ocean for nine
hours
her strength began to leave her and her
thoughts became confused
fortunately she noticed a lifeboat in
the distance
baya tried to scream but there was no
energy left in her lungs
however a man on the boat noticed her
baja pushed away from the wreckage to
swim to the boat
but the wave swallowed her the man dived
after the girl
and saved her maya was taken to the
shore
and received first aid she was then sent
home to france for treatment
she spent three weeks in the hospital
she became famous
all over the world as a girl with a
miraculous story
she later wrote a book about how she
survived the disaster
on saturday november 14 1992
a 31 year old dutch woman named annette
herfkins and her fiance
boarded a flight in ho chi minh city
vietnam
they were going on a romantic trip to na
trang
a resort on the south china sea the
plane
started to shake 50 minutes after
takeoff
annette didn't have her seatbelt
fastened and she bumped against
something hard and passed out
her body slid forward under the seats
and this probably saved her life
annette woke up a few hours later in the
plane's
wreckage she climbed out and found
herself in a dense jungle
she was injured and couldn't walk but
she didn't feel any pain for a long time
because of the shock she had survived a
terrible accident
but another ordeal lay ahead of her
annette spent seven days in the
vietnamese jungle
she tore off some of the material from
the plane's heat insulation to make a
sponge
she used it to absorb rain water which
she could drink
annette studied her surroundings and
tried to plan her actions to avoid panic
she expected to survive a week without
food but hoped she could find something
to eat in the jungle
annette had a sense of unity with nature
she felt the life
in every leaf raindrop and insect
as each day passed the jungle seemed
more beautiful
she was able to find happiness in the
terrible situation
and it helped her survive on the seventh
day
she heard branches snap and saw a man
wearing an orange vest
at first she thought she was
hallucinating but he was real
she was taken to ho chi minh city and
then transferred to a hospital in
singapore
ten years later annette returned to the
jungle to recreate her journey through
nature
in her mind she also met the mother of
the man who had saved her